This was definitely a tricky one to get fully working as I managed to get one or two steps working every time I worked on it, but was only able to feel like I mostly satisfied all objects with only a couple of hours to spend. I also wanted to make sure I have the assignment turned in in case any issues uploading the code came up.

This is a quiz generator that's simple in design, but was complex in getting the quiz fully operational. I came up with about 10 questions of various topics and kept track of score and time throughout the process. The game ended when no more questions were available or if time was up. The score increased by one for a right answer, but wrong answers take off 10 seconds off the clock in addition to not increasing the score.

One of the things I hoped to complete was to have no console.log errors, but one was left unresolved before deadline. After the alerts take place when the game is over, clicking start will create a console.log error and bring up alerts and prompts again. This is why I mention refreshing the browser to play again. I know with time this could be fixed. A lot of code was commented out as far as both structure and to prevent some code from running. I also used a separate JavaScript file for the questions only, although I commented out the questions in the script.js file at the very bottom. I'll also add links to the site here, and I'll try to add a screenshot link here.

Screenshot link (if it works): https://github.com/jrv7104/Quiz-Generator/blob/main/Quiz%20Generator%20Screenshot.jpeg
Website link: https://jrv7104.github.io/Quiz-Generator/
